Dear Karlheinz Brandenburg,


We are honored to invite you to IIT Madras’ annual technical festival, Shaastra, to deliver a lecture.


The Indian Institute of Technology, Madras (IITM) epitomizes 57 years of unstinting technological contributions to Indian society. It is among the top ranked institutes of technical education in not just India, but all of Asia.


India’s largest student-run technical fest, Shaastra consists of various science and technology based competitions, a summit, lectures, professional shows, video conferences, exhibitions, demonstrations and workshops.


Shaastra 2018 is set to happen from 4th January to 7th January 2018. It would be great if we could have you speak at our lecture series during that time. However, should you not be available then, we will be happy to organize a talk anytime from August to December.


A few notable personalities who have delivered lectures in recent editions of Shaastra are:

·  Dr. John C. Mather, Nobel Prize in Physics, 2006

·  Dr. William E. Moerner, Nobel Prize in Chemistry, 2014

·  Richard Stallman, Founder of the Free Software Foundation

·  Dr. Anant Agarwal, Founder of EdX and faculty at MIT

·  Ms. Sharmila Bhattacharya, Head of NASA Ames Research Centre

·  Dr. Vandana Shiva, environmentalist and winner of the Sydney Peace Process Prize, 2010

·  Dr. Yoshua Bengio, Deep learning scientist and faculty at University of Montreal

·  Dr. John Adler, Inventor of the Cyberknife and faculty at Stanford

 

We are amazed by the strength and persistence of your research and pioneering work in the field of audio encoding that gave the world the ubiquitous MP3 format. Your work that delved deeply into perception of sound altered the course of technology and innovation. Furthermore we marvel at your work in digital music that holds the promise to deliver media better and more realistic than ever before. We sincerely believe that your presence at IIT Madras will strengthen the innovative and enterprising spirit of our institute.

 

We will be delighted to receive your acceptance of our invitation. All details regarding the schedule of your lecture can be worked out according to your convenience and we will take care of the corresponding expenses.


We hope you will be able to make it this year and look forward to your presence at Shaastra 2018.


Thank you,

Warm regards,

 

Milind Kumar V

Student Coordinator

Lectures and Video Conferences Team

Team Shaastra 2018

Indian Institute of Technology Madras

Chennai 600 036, Tamil Nadu, India

